What experience! It's [UNCLEAR], so they
had just [UNCLEAR]
and started putting out something
[UNCLEAR] and
from somewhere three very hefty people
came in, absolutely black in color,
very hefty and tall [UNCLEAR] and they
caught hold of them and they beat them
but they never got hurt as such and
brought them on the street and [UNCLEAR]
and, "Go back to [UNCLEAR] and
never come to this man,"
so they kept [UNCLEAR] said,
"Alright [UNCLEAR]," and said,
"What kind of a kadak Devta you
have?" Kadak means, a very strong.
"Who is this Kadak devta you worship
that they beat us like this." So,
what has happened you're so...?
- In my own case even, I would say
- Hmm?
- I'll tell You my own case
- Hmm
- when I'll say
- Hmm!
- [UNCLEAR]
I was being attacked by a group of tribes
Mother and they had wanted to kill me
and they came with a sword to cut my head
in two but instead of getting my head
or my arteries here, they just got my ear.
Twice he tried. Each time it's really
hard to get, then at that point I prayed.
I said, "If this is the time to go, then
I'm prepared but, You know, I give my
Spirit into Your hands," and at that moment
everything became very bright, I don't know
how and although they were 15 or 16 people,
they could not hold my hands, they didn't
have the strength and all alone, I just
- walked away from them. They could not
- And then 200 little boys came from
- some school there
- That's right, 200 children
And they caught hold of him and took him
to the hospital and in the hospital he had
somebody surgeon, whom he knew
- what just was passing that way.
Haan. You see, what happened is that, 200
children came, they took me to the dispensary
and then, everyone was asleep in the
afternoon so they knocked in the door and
all people came out and they said,
"Shall we get an ambulance?"
At that moment, another doctor, whom I
knew, was passing by. He saw the crowd,
came, he saw me, took me into his car, took
me to the hospital. Now that was lunch time,
so all the surgeons should
have been at home
but by chance, every surgeon
in the hospital was there.
And he carried his ear like this and put
it diagonal. He's a doctor he knows how to
- [UNCLEAR] and he sensed it.
- It was completely cut off, with no
- blood vessels not, it was just..
- In India you were where?
- In Calcutta.
- Yes, in Jamshedpur.
- You know, I met Shri Mataji here.
- And then when you were [UNCLEAR]
- You are Gujarati's - are you?
- Hmm
- And he's also Gujarati?
- Hmm. We both are Brahma Kshatriya.
- Annh? Kshatriyas?
- Brahma Kshatriya
- So what is you sir name?
- Thakur, Thakur.
Thakur, haan. Kshatriyas are very good for
Sahaja yog - people who are realized, hmm.
- So you came from West Africa also?
- Nai, I'm from Ahmedabad. Ahmedabad is Baroda.
- Achcha! [UNCLEAR]
- Can speak Maharashtra.
- Achcha! Hmm
- It is Jogian and boys they calling me
they say , "Shrivastava, Shrivastava," and
we were talking in we say, " Shrivastav"
Shrivastav is correct. Shrivastav is
correct [UNCLEAR]. Shrivastav
[UNCLEAR] has left his Hanuman Chalisa and
asked me to type in English. Translate Sanskrit.
- But My husband is from U.P.
- I see.
But Baroda we had very good center there.
You see, they could not continue with it
because the gentleman, who was Veeranjali
- you must have heard his name?
- I left Baroda on [UNCLEAR]
- Oh, I see.
- I'm not friend of anyone
- He started, you see, that thing and
then he's now very sick - sick in the sense
he's very old - wife is also very old, so
somehow it's not so working out but
now, Raolbai has gone there - another
Sahaja yogini, who's very powerful, she's
gone there, so it'll start again, I think,
- in Baroda. Ahmedabad also we had this Shodhan
- Shodhan, haan
Shodhan bhai, who did a lot for us but
Ahmedabad, you see, people are very
- materialistic, I think.
- Very much
Extremely materialistic and they were just
bothered about sickness or money problems
- this, that
- Money minded
Extremely money minded and very much
worried about money, this thing.
Everybody came to say," Sarabhai, this,
that," because all had these problems.
I got fed up, I said, "I'll not go to
Ahmedabad," you see, because you must have
spiritual hankering, isn't it? Otherwise
it is such a waste sometimes to speak.
They'll come later on. Let us first settle
down with Sahaja yogis, who are good
and who are spiritually endowed, who are
spiritually strong, then gradually,
these people will come. Now, we had a
television program and what I hear is that
thousands of people have [UNCLEAR] . If I
didn't have Sahaja yogis, it's impossible.
You know, every program I had 400, 500
people and curing them, doing this but
even sitting down on the pulpit, people
were getting cured - just sitting down there.
That's one way you cure but still, you have
to attend to them, you'll have to tell them.
You need Sahaja yogis first, then you
can attend to the masses - isn't it?
But, I think, with money-mindedness in
Ahmadabad, they follow others.
If one start and he's strong enough
Sahaja yogi, then they will follow
but one has to be strongly through.
No, we, we had Shodhan bhai but Shodhan
bhai got lost because he got very sick.
He also became very old, you see, but his
wife and all that are [UNCLEAR] quite a lot
and the problem is, when people are money
minded, you see, they get enamored by
other gurus who take money, they sort of
survive to see things, which, as if it
solves their money problem. Like, they will
go and ask anyone the number of the horse,
you see, sort of thing. They like such horrible
gurus [UNCLEAR] and such people prosper.
Ahmadabad has got lots of gurus,
horrible gurus.
- We were that until boys came.
- Really? So many horrible gurus!
Till that night in my house we had first,
first group and that night they went to
[UNCLEAR] and threw away everything in the
sea - everything, so that's how we are saved
- or we are here today in one piece.
- He was Mahishasur.
- Who?
- Mahishasur
Mahishasura? Baap re, he's the worst of
all. The worst is, he gives heart attack.
- Troubles.
- So [UNCLEAR]
- He suffered so much
- Heart
- except for his hands and
- the husband always gets it.
I've seen if the wife is that, husband
always gets the [UNCLEAR]. My own brother,
my own brother from the day I
told him, he threw away everything.
That night, that day, I don't know it just
came over. This little fellow and Cole and
Shailesh and Allan everything black dustbin
bag and threw everything that night.
- We were in Brisbane.
- You see, we must think we don't want
diamonds, we don't want to wrong Gods, you see,
so this fellow is giving diamonds, this, that, wrong...
Yeah, if you are sort of near, you get
this, if you are, you get saris, if you are,
- then get diamond ring.
- Only to the rich
- Yes
- Only to the rich. For example, My brother
they gave him a ring. So, I told him, "How
many you have diamond rings?" He said,
"I don't know how many I have. I never wear
them." So I said, "Why did you take these?"
He said, " Because he said it is my blessing."
I said, "But why does he give you a diamond?
If he has to give it, give it to somebody
who doesn't have. For example your driver,
if he gives him this diamond ring, it has
some value." But then you know,
we discovered that My sister-in-law was
giving unconsciously all her diamonds to him.
I don't know, I accidently believe it,
property, money
She was just passing on to him without
knowing that she's doing it, you see,
because they were having, they just found
out that they have lost lot of diamonds
from the household and then she said, "Yes,
I gave him, I gave him this time that thing."
So, I asked her, "Why did you give?"- she's a doctor - I said, "Why did you give him?"
He said, she said, "You see, somebody
tells me all the time, 'These are stones,
why do you want to have? Give it to baba.'"
I said, "If he is a sanyasi, then if these are
stones to you, it should be dust to him. Why
should he take it? Why should he take all these?
It's alright, as you are married to him and
my brother is respectable man, whatever
it is, he has money and all that, as his
wife as Grihalaxmi, you have to wear this,
you have to have them but why for this sanyasi
baba? And to take somebody else's diamonds,
what is this I...?" And they have amassed
money, amassed. If you read about this
Mahesh Yogi, recently I read, he has collected
4000 crores of rupees. Crores, 4000 crores.
I have seen in front of my eyes that if
you give this much, then you get into
you will see them like that. The lady, the
poor lady had a epileptic fit there.
Really, she was fit in heat sitting down and
those women volunteer, whatever they were,
they give sit to her, "You sit properly, sit
properly," and then baba walked like that
and that lady got sudden fit and fell, You
know, so, "Why all this, why do you allow
these people to come in here? Get out, take
them out. Get out of my ashram," like that.
- Anyway, I think, inhuman like the ....
- Because sometimes even you see these people
give them to stress, if they want to get
rid of somebody, they can just be
like this stupid, if they want.
[UNCLEAR] you the twenty times.
There's no meditation, nothing, you see,
they don't talk of God or anything - nothing.
- Just nothing, I mean, it is - I don't know.
- We had to bring, my husband himself
they raided that night and tell him
and I don't know what came after [UNCLEAR - 6000?]
Mondays on the telephone, he threw away
everything. On the telephone they wiped
- out yogi,
- He's a Thakur, na
- so they telephoned and
- [IN HINDI - It's said that once something
goes wrong in a Thakur's head]
Thakur can take talwar
You see Thakur, Thakur is a caste, I mean,
it's a caste of great brave men, so once a
they say, that once a rich man in Lucknow
employed one Thakur, you see, protect him,
very healthy man and they were passing through
some jungles and some dacoits invaded him,
sort of, attacked and so he had about ten
people, who were carrying everything;
You know that caught all the ten people and
they whipped them and did all kinds of things
with them and all that and after the ten
were absolutely thrown on the grounds
then, this fellow, you see, Thakur raised
his moustaches and hit all of them and
threw them off, so when they came back,
the gentleman, who was his master gave him
lots of property and even things and thanked
him, "You saved my life and did all of this,"
and all that but now I cannot give him more
employment, so they asked him, "Why not?"
He said, "Where will I get again ten
people to excite him?" [LAUGHTER]
So, ten people first have to die to excite
him or to fall down on the ground then the
only he will hit otherwise he's very
quiet. [SHRI MATAJI LAUGHS]
Even in Maharashtra, these Marathas are
[UNCLEAR - STRONG?] but really active;
Dhumaal is a Marathi. Most of them
are Marathas. [UNCLEAR] is a Maratha
- Many Kshatriyas do Sahaja yog,
- Hmm.
- The Brahmins
- Kshatriyas are the best, you see.
We had this, one Mr.[UNCLEAR] in Sahaja
yoga. Very, very premature he is
But jaise [UNCLEAR - BAANIYE?] log hote
hain [UNCLEAR] and others are
Brahmins also because, you see,
they have so many ritualism with them.
Marathas because they are brave and
courageous, they come in Sahaja yoga.
[UNCLEAR], I think that mostly Kshatriyas
worshiped the Devi
- Hmm. Haan of course, Shakti pujari, yes.
- Yes, that is the main thing.
I mean, now see, I.P. Singh is a Kshatriya
and Nagendra Singh is a Kshatriya -
- see all of them are like that.
- So they understand the value of
- Kshatriya
- the Devi or Shakti
[UNCLEAR] People of values - Devi ko
bahut maante hain
- Put her out. Anyone has that [UNCLEAR]
- Chai aa gayi
She's a combination
of two different traits.
This Mrs. Gibbs is coming, I gather, here.
[UNCLEAR CONVERSATION]
And she finds very difficult because
of the [UNCLEAR]
So you all put your left hand towards Me, right
hand outside. Right hand outside and watch Me.
Put both the feet on the ground, straight.
Have you worked out anything about the diseases
you want to tackle [UNCLEAR] this one? Gavin
- Lots of them, Shri Mataji
- Annh?
- They are quite a few
- Quite a few. You need the whole day?
- [UNCLEAR]
- We'll tell You the ones that have been requested.
- So, tomorrow I'll be absolutely free
the whole day.
- That's great!
Do you think tomorrow the whole
day I should give it to you?
- I'm absolutely free because C.P's out.
- [UNCLEAR]
- Annh?
- Thank You! Yes
But we have to do something about it, you
see, because now we have to face so many.
Better? How is it? Come here.
Come here. Just come
- Take out your shoes.
- One big such disease is, Shri Mataji,
- is all these mental illnesses.
- No, no left side attack. Now turn around
- They are big problem
- Haan, left side. You see now, put it, go further
For that, all the left sided problem should
be solved with a candle or light or fire.
Anything that is light, see, is against
that - fire - all the left side.
Now this one also has a left side problem.
So, what do you have to do, is to raise his right.
- Left
- Now see. It does this in light.
Be careful about them. Also watch the
flame; Flame will indicate to you.
Now put it to the left.
Left Swadhishthana
- It's coming.
- Really it is coming out - you feel it.
All the pressure on the void is
released
- It's trying to show
- Unnh!
- and the heart has to be released.
That's the Jagdamba's seat because
He's 'Neh Chaturya,' you see.
Now, for him, now what is the first
problem, is the void. Void problem is there
because he had a wrong guru, you see. Because
he's on the left hand side, he should put his
right hand towards the left hand side. Put
his right hand towards the left hand side.
I saw some photographs, Shri Mataji of this
Mahishasur, where he puts his photograph
- inside the Lingam of Lord Shiva
- Hmm, so?
- Mahishasur
- Oh!
There's a photograph where there's a Lingam,
Shiva's Lingam and he put his photograph inside it.
That's it. That's how you reach the heart.
Now put his, no, I'm saying, put your -
this is your left hand this side, that's
your right hand - alright?
This Lingam is given by Mahishasur to his
father and he worships it everyday
- Baap re!
- from 3 0'clock in the morning till 10 at night
- Now
- in the house.
Ab Rustom dekho? Ab iska shuru.
Behavior, very aggressive.
- Joy comes up to Vishuddhi's petals, Vishuddhi
- His Vishuddhi is blocked very much.
- Right?
- Central, Mother
- Right
Central some blood cells - Sushumna has
blood cells just below the Vishuddhi.
He never said Vishudhi. So
he has said mantras?
- Hmm. Already, it's clearing
- Hmm. The whole thing has gone to heart
now - right heart
But basically - you see this one - now
where did you put your - haan, now you say
- "Mother, I am my own guru"
- Mother, I am my own guru
- Again
- Again - ten times.
- Mother, I am my own guru
- Again
- Mother I am my own guru
- Mother, I am my own guru
- Again
- Unnh
- Hmm, not sure.
- What! Cleared out
- Even Vishuddhi gets [UNCLEAR]
Now see. [IN HINDI - No, now come in front and
clear his properly].... he's with Mahishasura, so
[UNCLEAR], the heart is catching,
center heart. Now, hold your breath
and you should say, 'Jagdamba, Jagdamba,
Jagdamba' Aham saakshaat Jagdamba,
Aham saakshaat Jagdamba, saakshaat
Jagdamba, Aham saakshaat Jagdamba
Aham saakshaat Jagdamba, Aham
saakshaat Jagdamba, Aham saakshaat,
- Jagdamba, Aham saakshaat Jagdamba
- Much better, yeah
Now, go to the Vishuddhi. Now, it will be
more left Vishuddhi because of his mantra,
so, Aham saakshaat sarva mantra siddhi,
Aham saakshaat sarva mantra siddhi,
Aham saakshaat sarva mantra siddhi.
Aham saakshaat Vishnumaya, Aham saakshaat
Vishnumaya, Aham saakshaat Vishnumaya,
saakshaat Vishnumaya, Aham saakshaat
Vishnumaya. Haan ho gaya. Now what is it?
Eight times Vishnumaya and eight times
Mantra siddhi - it will work out.
- Alright,
- Much better
- Better now? Much better. Now agnya - left agnya
- That's it
Would be always there. Aham saakshaat
Maha Ganesha Maha Bhairava,
Aham saakshaat Maha Ganesha Maha Bhairava,
saakshaat Maha Ganesha - here you'll
find people getting blind, you see.
When they are blind, just ask them to put
one light in front and one light at the back;
Just give it a bandhan. Saakshaat
Maha Ganesha Maha Bhairava,
Aham saakshaat - haan. At this point even you
can say, 'Aham saakshat Mahishasur Mardini,
Aham saakshat Mahishasur - at the Sahasrara,
you can say. Aham saakshat Mahishasur Mardini,
Aham saakshat Mahishasur Mardini,
saakshat Mahishasur Mardini,
Aham saakshat Mahishasur Mardini, Aham
Aham saakshat Mahishasur Mardini,
Aham saakshat - Annh! it's there. Aham saakshat
Mokshdayini, Aham saakshat Mokshdayini,
Aham saakshat Mokshdayini, saakshat
Mokshdayini, Aham saakshat Mokshdayini
- Aham Saakshat Mokshdayini, Aham Saakshat.... Alright?
- [LAUGHTER]
- There it is [UNCLEAR]
- Very easy kundalini to [UNCLEAR] Mother
Very easy. Because you are realized souls
now, all the mantras are jagrut in you.
Everything is jagrut. Whatever you say, is the
Truth, it has a meaning - see, it's cleared out.
Put yourself into bandhan, that's all. Now don't feel
guilty - that's one thing you people don't do,
is to feel guilty; You are facing Me
- what is there to feel guilty?
- Now let's see his
- He's a very
- Forward
- Sit down now.
- He suffered, he had suffered from asthma
- and very bad chest trouble.
- That's because of his father.
- [UNCLEAR] problem
Now, hold your breath. Now asthma - hold
your breath. Saakshat Jagdamba,
Aham saakshat Jagdamba, Aham saakshat
Jagdamba, Aham saakshat Jagdamba,
Jagdamba, saakshat Jagdamba,
Aham saakshat Jagdamba, Aham saakshat
Jagdamba. Haan done.
Now, hold your, now, for asthma
best thing is
to put bracket Jagdamba and Shri Rama.
Aham saakshat Shri Ram Jagdamba,
Shri Ram Jagdamba, Aham saakshat
or you can just say, Nirmal, Nirmal Shri.
Aham saakshat Nirmal Ram,
Aham saakshat Nirmal Ram, Aham saakshat
Nirmal Ram, Aham saakshaat... cleaned out.
- Are you alright? Breathing is alright now?
- Yes, Mother
Just a, just a weak..... I'll stay, sit down.
Sit down that facing that side. It's gone out na?
- Little bit. He's not feeling but it's here, haan
- Haan, that's it.
Now, Aham saakshat Nirmal Mahaganesha,
Aham saakshat Nirmal Mahaganesha,
saakshat Nirmal Mahaganesha
saakshat Nirmal Mahaganesha,
Aham saakshat Nirmal Mahaganesha,
Aham saakshat - done. Now you can say,
Aham saakshat Mokshdayini,
Aham saakshat Mokshdayini, Aham saakshat
Mokshdayini, saakshat Mokshdayini,
Mokshdayini, Aham saakshat Mokshdayini
for Me, even once it's alright to say but
you all should say seven times - understand?
This is that, actually, where the
both void are catching
-Annh?
- [UNCLEAR], yeah
- What's it?
- both of them they, it's all gets matching
- Coming from there? Unnh, so put it down
That's the way to Mahakali. This is
Mahakali's mantra - Aham saakshat Mahakali
Aham saakshat Mahakali, Aham
saakshat Mahakali
but you've got
Mahakali to idhar bhi aana chahiye.
[UNCLEAR] left mein, left mein hai - sorry
Aham saakshat Mahakali. [UNCLEAR]
Inko liver bhi hai. He has both the sides.
- Haan, that is true
- That's why..
He's a staunch religious person from the
childhood and he has picked up all wrong gurus.
- Who? But now he has got the right one
- So - yeah - it needs
- I'll do it [UNCLEAR]
- needs a clearing
- [UNCLEAR]
- It breaks this candle
- Yes, it's alright, it's [UNCLEAR] in Sahaja treatment
- Achcha
My nephew has just gone to Dublin,
to school, Mother.
- Who?
- My nephew
- Where?
- At [UNCLEAR] school
- Oh! Columbas, Saint Columbas. Is a boarder?
- Boarder
- He has two sons?
- My cousin sister. The one who is a dentist,
- who came and shown his steel.
- Now, now let's give him his thing down -
alright, so what we'll do is to - Aham
saakshat Mahakali, Aham saaksha.. you see,
because of My, I don't have to worry so
much right, left, center - that's how
My! [IN HINDI - Now it has stopped
on Swadhishthan]
- Left Swadhisthan, I think, get it all the heat
- Actually, he's catching from his father
because his father has a heart, you see so
he's indicating it. If father has a heart,
the child gets this because the father's
side, na, father's side. Haan!
- Much better
- Hmm
Actually, it's his [UNCLEAR - MENU?] as
the Left Swadhishthan is sucking it all up
- Unnh?
- The left Swadhishthan is sucking it all out
- Hmm
- All over
[IN HINDI - That's why we must keep
on Left Swadhishthan]
Give it a bandhan but keep for a while
- light. Keep it in such a way,
even if you don't have, you can
keep the photograph.
- It's coming out
- [UNCLEAR]
It's better to have it there
than to have it.
- [IN HINDI - The candle is small]
- [IN HINDI - We should ground it, Shri Mataji]
- Annh? [IN HINDI - I have grounded it]
[UNCLEAR]
So all the permutations and combinations
of left side, it was tied up.
[IN HINDI - Achcha, Left side is simple.]
First of all, any left side - right to the left.
Then, you have to see, if it is Swadhishthana;
Work out for it but Muladhara combination
is the worst of all - like Multiple Sclerosis
in Muladhara. The lady was sitting,
I just lit the candle and there was a
little gap in her shin, but she
couldn't lift her legs, you see and I
gave her bandhan thrice to her Muladhara
and she lifted her both the legs. Can you
imagine? She lifted her both the legs.
- Multiple Sclerosis.
- Left is very subtle because it will shift
- around the body
- No, but easier. Because of this,
fire is the best for it. [IN HINDI - Let
them use the fire.] Fire is the best.
[IN HINDI - It comes out so easily
in the fire] Haan!
- Clearing out
- [UNCLEAR]
Where I was working in this mental hospital,
he used to be very upset because I used to
burn a diva in front of the photograph.
Three or four times they tried to stop me
- but they didn't [UNCLEAR]
- That's the problem.
[UNCLEAR] is really a child, Terrence's child,
had some sort of a big [UNCLEAR] because
Terrence went there - naturally. If Terrence
moves [UNCLEAR] and you see, she went
with her all things and said, "You have to
put Mother's photograph and everything,"
they refused. The doctors refused to
put it there. [UNCLEAR] I mean.
They said, "You see, it might be contaminated
or this and that and all that and see, I think,
- you better [UNCLEAR].
- Which hospital? Breach Candy?
- Breach Candy
- Then naturally
- Stupid
- [UNCLEAR]
But one nurse in that Breach Candy knows
about it and she sent so many patients to Me.
Are you alright now? How are you feeling?
Light? Just see, if [UNCLEAR] this
- coming out of your head? In front
- No, I'm cleared out.
- Not good
- Is it?
- I cannot tell it, it's not yet specific.
- Haan, coming surely.
Coming but this he had a tall lesion
of blood like that [UNCLEAR]
- Ekadasha
- hmm
- Annh, it's opening out.
- It's opened
Turn around this side.
Better.
- But in his case the right side is weak.
- He has liver also, his liver also
[IN HINDI - Gujarati people have a lot of liver
problem because they eat farsand etc too much]
- [IN HINDI - They should reduce that]
- [IN HINDI - Even Oil]
[IN HINDI - Yes, their food is very oily and secondly the other thing is that],
apart from oily, they think too much. Even
the women, I've seen, they think and plan,
[IN HINDI - "Today we'll make this
food, today we'll do this."]
Everyday, see they are busy
with thinking too much.
[IN HINDI - Their liver gets spoilt soon like this]
and thirdly, I think, this [IN HINDI - [UNCLEAR] oil] .
- That's the worst of all
- Which?
- [UNCLEAR]
- What's that?
- Peanut oil.
- Achcha.
- That's the worst thing because that
gives you Leucoderma also. [IN HINDI - That's
why, you see, Gujaratis have a lot of Leucoderma.]
You know that disease of leucoderma - that
is because of this [IN HINDI - [UNCLEAR] oil].
Absolutely, it is the worst, is peanut seed
oil. We never had peanuts in India, you see.
- There's no word for peanuts in Sanskrit language.
- [IN HINDI - No]
- It came from, I think, from the [UNCLEAR]
- Arabs, probably
- Annh?
- The Arabs
- Maybe Arabs
This son was born in Dublin
- Where?
- In Dublin
- [UNCLEAR]
- Achcha!
- This in India
- India. That's no difference.
- Nice
But [IN HINDI - there is some], still what
is the month he was born?
- February
- What date?
- 28th February, Pisces
- Pisces
- Pisces [IN HINDI - Is the new beginning]
- [UNCLEAR] It's like more the first month
- First month, first [UNCLEAR]
Aquarius and Pisces, is very good for him.
When was he born?
- 31st of March
- Aries
- Hmm, Aries
- Aries, Pisces
- [UNCLEAR]
- You are Aries, Mother?
I don't know. They say, I've born at zero
point because 21st March
and at 12 0'clock in the daytime
I was born.
- I have done Your horoscope, Shri Mataji
- Achcha!
- as calendar. It is
- most interesting, just takes lovely shape
- I cannot describe it to You
- Very regular
- Everything is so balanced
- Very powerful, very solid!
- You cannot describe it [UNCLEAR]
- That's what he said also. Choudhary,
- who did it in India, said,
- Yes, very interesting!
"It is most balanced thing because the
center of India, center of this and all that."
Has to be, I've to be balanced also. When
I have to balance the whole world, I have
to be balanced Myself. But the way it is
been assumed, you see, because, you see
others were born, all of them, at a point
where there was some sort of an imbalance
and they came to balance it for a thing
but Mine is at a balance point
to balance the whole world.
But it is not in - the horoscope it is impossible
to analyze it because everything is so
interrelated, that if you try and analyze
it, you will be going, I mean, [UNCLEAR]
just something that is negative
- is that [UNCLEAR]
Good. Are they alright now? Good!
Let's see doctor saab.
- [IN HINDI - Come]
- [UNCLEAR]
[IN HINDI - Here] Gujaratis are doing nothing for
Sahaja yog. You see, Flash - there's the one
who have Flash magazine. They published so
much thing about Sahaja yog and all that - nobody.
- This Gujaratis don't want it.
- I wish Mother, I could come only in London.
I was just telling him in the planes. This
year we're going to combine me and this one
and I said to him, "We haven't bought the
house in Dublin let's buy or live in London.
At least I'll see people, our people and
do something." Dublin is very isolated,
- very gloomy [UNCLEAR].
- Nai but now you've done a job in Dublin,
that's good. You establish it well
when you come out.
Jogian is the one You should give full
credit to, I am not.
The way he met them but I really
- remarkable. The way you met these boys.
- Where did you meet them? In the...
- Arre! This side is [UNCLEAR]
No, the funniest part is that [UNCLEAR - DOUG?]
funny one man, brought me to the meeting.
- And how did he bring?
- You know, he isn't admitting, even in this
- Any guru comes, that good guru
- So he said, "Why don't you now he's [UNCLEAR]?
I said, "No, I don't want to." "Go, Go,"
so I said, "Okay, I'll go," and I said and
[UNCLEAR] grandson called, "We'll be
there." So I said, "I'd like to meet Paul."
- So, I started talking to Paul and Paul said
- Who spoke there?
John but I didn't even hear the talk,
Mother. I know, I heard, all I heard was
the [UNCLEAR] said, "Sit down, put your
hands towards Me. Did you feel anything?"
- Really!
- The first my, I must think but when I
went home, that night I got up at
3 in the morning
and I was up because my hands,
my feet and my head
were just hot. I mean, I was sweating
there and then and I couldn't sleep, I was
just sweating and that was on the next
day, I went to the meeting and I said,
"Can I see Paul on his own on Fridays?" So
he said, "Yes, come along," and I spent
the whole day with him and still I was - I
didn't want to give up the false one and
I said, "No, but this not, " so Paul just
said, "Listen, listen but this is at least
- Mahishasur, he's very bad, give him up."
- Then he came to the center.
Then, that Saturday he came and I was going
to decide, it was too much. I mean, then I
suddenly, end began to dawn, I began to
realize what's happening. In my realization
- I got materially vibration in a way - let's see.
- And one day the whole house became
- And one day the whole house was clean.
- In our own house they came and [UNCLEAR]
- But it was [UNCLEAR]
- [UNCLEAR] a great seeker, you see.
Normally it's difficult to dissuade
[UNCLEAR] from this horrible fellow.
[UNCLEAR] the law is very good. They won't
let me to sleep in our room. Coles put
kumkum, swastika, almost everything. I
said, "I'll be okay, " so they gave me
Your Parvati's, na, haan, Parvati's
photograph of Mataji [UNCLEAR]
and I then telephoned to them to
stay where [UNCLEAR]
but then they spent a couple of more
days and the whole house was different,
- totally different.
- There was no dirt in my house, there was no dust
- Mother, you feel that
- Every time we had Mahishasur's photograph,
there used to be dust, dust,
- Like somebody has put vacuum
all over. You know, you
- Like marks
- I said, we took a lot out but some
- Your Mother's job is that, na. Her name is that
[LAUGHTER] I'm a vacuum cleaner, a very
big one, you know na? That's true but,
you see this, you must have been influenced
also by them, you see. You see, because
they are English people, they know so much
about your culture. Also it's not possible,
if you're not realized, you can't talk to
them anything about anything. If there are
Indians, you can't talk to them about
Christ, if they are English, you can't
talk to them about Ganesha - it's like that.
It's such a barrier but after realization,
you see, how homogenous these all thing
works out, how they understand this and
very sweet children, you know. You can see
from their life how [UNCLEAR] sweet
and balanced they are.
This [NAME UNCLEAR] he must have told
you, he was a punkrop.
- He himself told us.
- He told us every [UNCLEAR]
You see, everyone had different time chat with
me. We cooked, I cooked, we ate and we go out.
At 12 0'clock after the episode with
[UNCLEAR] we went to the mountains -
- moon and mountains and we sat.
- We saw [UNCLEAR] from Dublin Sun rising out [UNCLEAR]
You know we did everything and I talked each
boy different time and they all told us.
- Allan was great he told [UNCLEAR]
- Because Allan [UNCLEAR] told, on certain
terms that who You are and he told who Mahishasur, that baba is Mahishasur and
- and Doug couldn't of course commit
this, so Carl just
- Like that
He only, he's this, you don't do this, I want
this, he [UNCLEAR] do this and all that and
- Douglas couldn't take it, he couldn't take it.
- Allan and [UNCLEAR]
[UNCLEAR] he was shaking, you know.
She never saw
[UNCLEAR] he couldn't, he just couldn't
talk, he just, "But, but, but, but,"
that's like a - but, but, but - but, but
but almost he, he can't, he came inside
the house this Sunday but [UNCLEAR]
and he, "We Bible, I Bible, " he asked me, "Can I?"
but he put such a void back into the house but
I didn't know what to answer [UNCLEAR]
away. I put water, I explained to her
water yesterday but still her void is bad.
Everyday I come home from college
and I watch the [UNCLEAR - TICKS?] in the air, so
everyday I [UNCLEAR], I pat my hands, I start
[UNCLEAR] just a little [UNCLEAR] and
slept away but didn't go [UNCLEAR]
But he doesn't know our agent [LAUGHTER]
that's it! That's the way to speak for that. Age 61,
when you are that age, then you are doctor,
then you are psychologist and you believe in God
but you believe in this Mahishasur, that
doesn't mean everyone has to follow and
question answer you did with this another
doctor, who is not his age but he should
- acted his age
- Then, you should tell him really -
best thing would be that it is that is how we
see everybody, that everybody is an angel
but this is something new. You see, it's
like guru shopping going on, you see.
You go to this shop and that shop but
this is a temple where you enter.
This is a temple, you tell him. You see,
now they have started another type of a
propoganda. Sometimes they say, "She doesn't
need any money," but why do you need money?
What do these people need money - parasites.
Money is not the point, it's not a point.
Actually it's much deeper than that.
Money, of course they are naturally
because they are so base and gross
that they are interested in your money
in all these nonsensical things - that is
obvious but the worst thing that they do,
is to make you so much debased that you
are possessed, you see. You are possessed
- I mean then, what is your situation?
- They took our 500 at the moment and
- Really!
- took lots of money.
We put that money to buy this house, which
I so much regret ever, having been suggested.
I only said to him but we didn't said, we
said to him, "Listen, you want to give yoga,
we don't want to have. If we buy the house,
we'll make into Sahaja yoga center and we'll
trouble you." So no he said that, so he
said, "We'll send some," and nothing happened
and lawyer said, "O, if we give you five
hundred pounds back [UNCLEAR],"
so I said, I told [UNCLEAR] that, "I want
all of our money back. None of that should
belong to anybody, we lost, we got working,
we deserve that money," so the lawyer said,
"Coming back in an hour," and he said,
"We'll give you back 1500," so I said,
"Still not up to the point but I want
back." So, next day okay 2500 and I said,
"Okay, I'll settle it up, okay." Then he
comes to the house and he says,
"Oh, it goes off to me, I give you a check
of all the money," but the lawyer said that,
"We can't give you it all back because
it is not customary." My father said
- It is not what - custom?
- It's not customary. The lawyer said,
"It's in your interest to keep it," so
Douglas and I had to keep it and I had to,
kind of, say no, so my father said, "But
if that would be the case John." He said,
"Yes," to the lawyer but, "You give me 3000
pounds in May or come to the house and give it."
- So he just said, "Oh, but this and that,"
- But, why, why did you give this money to him?
You see, as I said, Mataji, that, that
man working in psychiatric or with this
Mahishasur, with whom we visit every year,
he has this power to hypnotize or mesmerism
- something.
When he says, you can't deny it. He says,
"If this is debt, good for you."
When he wants it, otherwise he'll say,
"It's not, it's not good for you," because
"It's sweet, it's bad for you." He has
taken over complete me and him.
That's what, he's very certain - he's is,
he's is mind control. You come inside the
room and he will pick up all the tension
that we belong to him and you're not
coming back with it, so he's always at the
center with everything and you're little break then
- So he asked for the money?
- Yeah, he said to buy the house and the way
things are Jogian and my husband in, saw
at the moment say, "Yes, that's the best idea,
we'll buy your house," which was the whole
house. Now he has divided half his he's going
to build his surgeries that doesn't belong
to us. Half remain here, I'll work there,
I'll live there as a ready made secretary,
who's smart, take the phone messages
because phone is in their name, put Dr. Thakur's
name out because he's doctor and his practice
- he will loose although he lives somewhere else.
- Annh! [UNCLEAR]
He has worked out planned out from last
Christmas and then he put us all in like that, so
I paid in July before going to Saudi. From London,
I went back to Dublin to sign the contract.
Then from Saudi master rang to say,
"We don't want house, please discuss."
"Oh, yes, yes." When I came back, he
said, "No, no, no keep the house."
He told Jogian, "Don't move
out of the house.
Stay with your mother. She needs you
and she'll save the money that way."
One day, "Move out," next day, "Don't move
out." One day, "Do this, don't do that."
- You see, I want some [UNCLEAR]
- Then he's so low Mataji that influence on
Jogian, he said, "Dhatt!" Those things started
to happen and then Sahaja yoga came to Dublin.
He said in front of Jogin, "Well, buy the house."
I said, "We can't afford, we don't want to."
He said, "Give me your car." "I can't, I don't
want to." "Okay, you have insurance, haven't you?"
and I said, "Why?" He said, "If anything
happens to him, you can get the insurance
money and you'll be okay." See,
the mentality of the man!
- It's disgusting!
- [UNCLEAR] A Gujarati woman that I am born,
to tell me that, I mean, I said, "No way,
please leave. I don't want to talk about it."
But I couldn't say okay leave, when Jogin
said to get out. I couldn't bring out but
I have nothing to do with the man, who goes that
down, "Okay, if anything happens, you have insurance."
It's just, he's an embodiment of evil,
he's an evil disciple, just evil [UNCLEAR]
I mean, just imagine, how could
he suggest such a thing!
- What's worse, he's a psychiatrist and a doctor.
- He's doing to people, weak people,
- who lean upon him.
- I mean, he doesn't understand even,
really the, he's not an Indian at all
to talk like this.
- You'll be alright.
- Left, Vishuddhi is [UNCLEAR]
Left. So just now you'll be in the same
house or what are you doing?
No, we have rented the house. From 16th of
September we have moved in that rented house
Rented house but we don't know Mataji. Yes,
we will be. This fellow is in medicine, third year.
- Where was he in medicine?
- Yes, Trinity College and this...